Hi guys, just to let you know it is our hundredth episode coming up this Friday
So to celebrate that this Thursday the 11th of February we're going to do an AMA on Reddit and ask me anything
Where you can rock up and ask us anything will be there for a couple of hours
Whatever you've ever wanted to ask us do it there. It's going to be 5 p.m. This Thursday 5 p.m. G.m. T
That is midday Eastern standard time and if you go to qi.com for us that reddit you'll be able to find it easily. See you there
Hello, and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast this week coming to you from the Birmingham Mac
My name is Dan Shriver and please welcome to the stage. It's the other three elves Andy Murray James Arkin and Anna Chazinski
And once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in a particular order
Here we go starting with you Andrew Montemorey my fact this week is that a New Zealand firm has developed an
irrationally angry robot to train tell us ale stuff so it's so it calls the telly sale staff
Yeah, I mean it has to be programmed to do it. It can't just regular at night time or something
Oh, okay. So yeah, the firm is called touchpoint and basically they've developed this
machine which can simulate an angry customer and it takes data from all the worst
customer calls where people are really furious and then they sort of determine the factors which you
know you could be set off by and then the telly sales person who's being trained has to try and calm the machine down
Do we know how the anger manifests itself? Does it start a tap physically? It's nothing physical it's mind games
A lot of passive aggressiveness. How twisted are people? I think it's a lot of shouting at insults basically
Wow does it sound like a robot? I suspect not because that would negate the point of it being a training thing
But then they so they must have someone recording all the audio to then yeah, I think so yeah
Wow, yeah, it is irrational anger right and people go mad about cold callers
And the thing apparently so there's a survey done recently and cold calling was voted the most
annoying thing about the UK which I mean there's some bad stuff going on in this country
Everyone calm down
But the most annoying thing about cold calling is
Cold-cola chaminas the false chaminas that you get I got a call call this morning
Someone who said did you have an accident in the car that wasn't your fault? Okay, did you?
And what I played along for a moment I said yes, I did
Oh, and then she said did you?
Not literally the first person
Yeah, she was really it took her ages to say anything because she was so surprised
And she said did you and I said no not really
I got one last night and
It's so it said hi we understand that you've had an accident recently and and you should be making a claim on it
And I thought oh this is a robot so I just went and stayed silent yeah, and then it went
Hello, and I went and then it went hi you still there. I thought oh god, it's an actual human
Oh, it's sorry, and then it started talking and I was like it got me
Hey, I is so good now that it yeah, yeah, they predicted that moment
Yeah, so it's like the the Turing test where if you can have a conversation with a machine
But you think it's a human then that the machines have won as the
I'm not the bar
So there is a software that can tell from my voice when I'm on the phone whether I'm angry or not
Okay, and they use these and tell ourselves and so they'll have a computer in front of them
And I'll ring them up and get really angry and passive aggressive and then their computer will say he's getting angry
He's getting really angry. You better do something about this. Oh wow
And then they have to keep it below a certain level as if they don't know that you're angry. Yeah
I did quite well
Telling salesperson on the floor just sobbing and they're in the computer's helpfully saying he's a little bit pissed off of you
But it's amazing that computers can tell if you're angry. Yeah, that's very good
There's apparently you can tell if someone's angry by the way they use their mouse
Um to an 80% accuracy you can like smashing you around the head with it
But I think just how you click on the things and stuff like that they can tell
You click on I'm really angry
They can tell frustration, sadness, fear and depression with more than 80% accuracy just by the way you use your mouse
Wow
Yeah, so there is a thing about the computers being angry and whether they should be made whether we should make angry
Machines basically because one one school of thought is that it's quite a good idea to make computers that can simulate anger
And that the ones you would need to worry about are the ones that don't simulate anger
That's not one of the movies tell me but if robots take over the world they're usually pretty angry
Think about the terminator robots. They're not angry. They're just doing a job
Whereas if Arnie was really emotional in terminator then you'd know
He's vulnerable you can you've got a weakness you can play with
Yeah, but we can't really make them angry at the moment because we just we're just programming
Angry sounding responses into them um
And you know doesn't swear at you when you're not telling it to
Send you poo in the post or something
That's your program
Which is which is the only reason I can assume that I keep receiving it
There was a really creepy robot telemarketer that lots of people were writing online about called Samantha West
And this was in the US and I think she was selling health insurance and she denied
Vassiferously that she was a robot and so Pete these and I think it was the Washington Post or one of the US newspapers got
Realized this got a call from her and they all called has said are you a robot?
And she kept on saying no, I'm a real person. Maybe there's something wrong with the line
Can you hear me? Okay, and they go you'd really sound like a robot and she'd say I understand
But perhaps there's a fault with the line and they eventually called and like pressed all the buttons until they got through to a real person and said look
That's a robot claiming to be a person working. I know I'm not into that at all. It's really weird
And uh the person said we do not have any robots here. There's no robot working here
And the next day the number of hers have been discontinued
But I do wonder maybe that just was a real person on their first day
Who was like, I didn't want to deviate from the scripts
That was really really nervous and sent all these people going you're a fucking robot, okay
Oh, no, and that's why I should quit the next day. Oh, there was a guy who got fired because he put on a robotic sounding
boys
To get through his calls faster because people assume if they're talking to a machine
They'll just say yes, no and uh option C and he didn't want to do any of the fake chaminous
So he just put on a metallic voice. Yeah, but he got fired for it
So ironically his job will have now gone to a machine
So you can get therapeutic robots have you seen this?
It's quite normal. There's one in particular is called paro
And they've made this robot to help people who are suffering from they've had some trauma
And it's shaped like a seal
And the reason it's shaped like a seal is because the guy who invented it says people are unlikely to have had bad memories of real
Seals
It's fair enough I think but seals are quite you know, they can attack people so it's just that most people don't come up against seals that often
There are so many things that fall into that category
Every if you bad memories of octopuses or the planet Mars
Arnold Schwarzenegger actually, I mean while we're on robots, there is one subject. I think we've been dancing around
Which is sex with robots
Just all right, maybe maybe I'm the only one who's been dancing around it
I just wanted to tell you about a story from Malaysia
This is from the newspaper free Malaysia today from October
and
It goes like this this proposed conference on love and sex with robots is illegal
Inspector general of police
Khalid Abu Bakar told a press conference in Kuala Lumpur and action will be taken against the organizers if they go ahead
There's nothing scientific about sex and robots
It's an offense to have extra marital sex in Malaysia, especially with robots
It's true. It was called the Congress on love and sex with robots
And I think people just saw the title and just saw the last three words sex with robots. It's a word congress
Congress
That's true. There's a group called the campaign against sex robots
They're a growing group to stop people from actually having sex with robots in the future
And there are people who are saying, you know, we should make laws against this right now
And there was an article about it and there was some people who commented on the bottom of it
One person Chrysler Harper said if I want to have sex with my robot then I will
My husband is always willing, but he isn't always that this idea is stupid
The most advanced rebel, most people have is a hoover which I bet was what she's talking about
And then someone called Manjeet replied to that saying sex robots would at least not be as destructive as an atomic bomb
Very true. A lot of scientists do say, oh, we'll be having sex with robots
We get a couple of hours
As soon as you guys leave the press conference actually
It's true though. There was there was a very famous book sex and robots or sex with robots and
They say roughly the year 2050 will be when we'll be properly getting into bad wood robots
There's a reason to stay healthy for all of us
Hold on tight guys
Only 35 more years
Another creepy robot is this robot called pepper which was made in Japan is like most of the most advanced robots are and
So a thousand versions of pepper went up for sale last year
And they went on for sale for a thousand pounds each equivalent and they sold out within a minute
So very sought after and I was watching a video of the woman who's explaining what's so good about pepper
And it's a robot for your house who can be your friend
So it's an emotional social robot who can kind of respond to your emotions sense your emotions calm you down
Make you feel better and she said
One of the things she said was it will introduce games into the family that you can play together or take pictures of your children when you're not at home
One of the games it plays is um
So then there's an example of this robot interacting and it decides to play a game with someone. So it says uh
On three we each take a deep breath and see who can hold it the longest
I saw when I was in Australia there was an ad on tv for a new tracking device called trackoo
And the idea is that trackoo can be put it's got magnetic little bits
So you can put on the inside of a car or you can put it in your grandfather's pocket
Or you can put it in it's saying
Basically it was an advert saying you can stalk you can stalk and no one will know
But they kept going trackoo
This is like this little cute thing and there was a grandfather going where are I am?
It goes on cars you can put it in a wallet you can put someone's hair you can put it in a fish tank
You can put it in a commission
trackoo
He's put it in a fish tank
Just in case your fish goes missing
In case your fish goes missing and takes the tracking device away
We're having that poor dentist in Nemo
It's such a good point
That would have been a much shorter film if they'd had your ingenious trackoo
Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is Chazinski
Yep, my fact is that a fifth of America's meals are eaten in cars
That's so interesting
Yeah, it's really interesting isn't it
But yes, it's study done and another thing that this either this study or another study at the same time found
Was that 31% of people in America say they have never eaten a meal in their cars
So there's obviously some people really bringing up that average
Who were just like every single time they cook a roast they go to their car
A lot of themselves in
Well, it's a big drive-through nation isn't it?
Yeah, I think it's that, yeah
Do they say if that's actually what it is?
That is what it is, yeah, so it's eating fast
But it's the next address and I'll say okay, so it must be the roasts going into the night
There's a national drive-through day in America
Yeah, it's July 24th and it's it's one of those ones that isn't obviously officially recognized
But it's one it will sort of trend on Twitter and everyone be going
Celebrate it like international potato day or whatever
I think it was made up by I comment what the first the company that pioneered drive-through was
But it went out of business in the 80s
But I think it was them that made up national drive-through day in order to
boost their business, wasn't it?
Yeah, was it the in-and-out trade?
No, I think that's one of those robot dolls
So this is a thing, this is in the UK actually
Two-thirds of motorists say they've eaten while driving
And 55% of motorists think that eating while driving should be illegal
So obviously most of the people who are eating while driving are going I wish they'd ban this
I think it kind of is illegal, isn't it?
It might be, yeah, I think if you're not in full control of the car
It's up to the police really but if they see you eating a kick out or something or a banana
And then I'm sorry
Ah, just two of the many wonderful foods you've been enjoying this great mission
James, I genuinely yesterday read a story of a lady who got a ticket for peeling up a banana while she was driving so you're on it
Thanks, Dan
Yeah, so if they think that by doing that you're not in full control then they can pull you over
It depends on how you're peeling a banana or it depends on if you're going at 90 miles an hour on the motorway
And you think that banana is looking a bit too rap for my liking
And they're enough, you're not in full control
Do you know the bananas used to come wrapped in foil?
Did they?
Yes, considering they have their own wrapping already
Yeah, when they first came over here they were wrapped
Oh my god, yeah, that's kind of like past the parcel then
Well, the worst getting the past parcel
There's only two rappings and it's always up and up
Maybe people used to eat the skin
Until we saw monkeys taking it off and then we realised
Um, fewer the dry-through things
Oh yeah
So the first ever dry-through, do you know what it was?
It was a bank
Ah, really?
It was in Chicago, it was in 1946
I have another one from 5,200 years ago
Well, okay
So I'm going to say that's the second ever dry-through
No, there's like an old kind of place in Iran called Godin Tepe
And they're not 100% sure that it was a dry-through
But they think it was because of-
I'm going to be all over this, James
I'm going to give this fact a very hard time in these
Well, it's because of the height of the window
And because the rooms seem to have been used as a place to keep things
And it was for bullets and ammunition
That soldiers would go through
5,000 years ago, they had bullets
Yeah, what?
Bullets were invented way before guns, because bullets is just-
What did you just throw at people?
Well, before-
Come on, wait till I have something to put this in, you're in trouble
Well, before they invented guns, the work bullet was just a projectile
A stone, it was a stone
Check out my drill and make it a pebble
So there's like room
There's like noises as they throw them
There's a room with some stones in it
And you're claiming it's a dry-through view
That sounds like an archaeologist
who needs more funding and is going nothing is right
We found some bullets for a drive-through
Okay, let's hear about your bank
They found a room with a loaded money here
That's it, you just drove up and took money out or deposited it
But it was in Chicago
Did you have to show any identification or anything?
Or it was just a free one on a business very fast
First, well, the first restaurant was in 1947
Oh, okay
And they used to, instead of driving through, you would just drive up
Well, you would drive through, but they would have waiters outside taking your order
and carrying them inside
And bringing your food out to your car
It's quite nice
It's just a way of getting your staff cold
I've found a few weird drive-thrues that actually exist in America at the moment
I think a couple of them have gone defunct
but if they have it only in the last few years
So these are for people who just wanted to make life easier for everyone
There's a drive-thru funeral parlor
And this is genuinely real
You drive up and the person of your who you love is just in a window
As you go by and you pay respects as you go by in the window
And you form a queue with the cars
And you just sort of go by and then drive on
So there's a drive-thru, I swear to God it's real
Are they wearing one of those McDonald's outfits?
No, I don't think so
Helled up my strings
My chicken sandwich in one hand
No, it's a yeah, it's a funeral parlor drive-thru
There's an emergency services drive-thru
So you just come up in the car and a doctor quickly comes and helps you with any problem that you have
So that you're sick, but you're still driving
When they're maybe so badly sick that you have to go to the car
Yeah, yeah, so you drive through and they can quickly just help you out
And that is really bad, they put you in the funeral once
And this one's amazing, there's a drive-thru bar
That's sort of you alcohol, but you can take it
Really? I don't think they've thought that one properly through
Yeah, you just buy, I'll just have a pint of vodka
Just a normal drink
This is when they want more, you know when the police want to get more ticks on their people arrested
They just plant policemen, two yards up the road presumably
And then, I guess so
They've got some arrests under their belt
I was just looking at fast food
Have you guys ever heard of a yalc?
No
A yoke? Oh, I just realized I've just got what it's called that and it's a yoke
Is it a part of an egg?
Yeah, I did come across them
No, we're the W
So this is the latest fast food and it's a runny pre-cooked boiled egg with pre-cut soldiers in it
And a spoof, which is a spoon that includes a tooth to help you crack the shell
And you say, wow, this is what you have to do
You buy the package with the egg in it, you open the egg, you pour boiling water on it, leave it for five minutes
And then you've got your egg
It's amazing because that takes longer to make than in actual way
It literally takes longer to make
Yeah, the guy said all you need is access to boiling water
And now you can enjoy a delicious yoke wherever you want in just five minutes
That's yeah, that's just a boiled egg, isn't it?
Yeah, it comes with toe soldiers
It does come with soldiers, yeah
But do you have to toast them?
I think the soldiers are not toasted
But I don't toast my soldiers anyway, so that's not a problem for me
Well, then they're not toe soldiers
I call them soldiers
They're brits of aliens
Okay, it's time to move on to fact number three
And that is James
Okay, my fact this week is that the most dangerous job in Britain is that of a hairdresser
Why?
So this isn't the most people that die
It's most kind of accidents or injuries
And hairdressers and beauticians are by far the most likely to suffer an accident
Most commonly cutting themselves
But it's construction which kills most people
Definitely by the most by absolute numbers
I would say like if you're a trollerman or something
Probably a lot of people die with that as well
But I'm going from accident only and that is hairdresser
There is actually one
Genuinely quite dangerous hairdresser
Oh yeah
Albert Olmeido
And he's in Madrid
And he only cuts hair with samurai swords or a blowtorch
Wow
Does it give you the option when you come in?
Will it be today the blowtorch or the samurai sword?
I think we'll be able to pay extra for the blowtorch
I don't know but he swipes
It looks really cool actually
He swipes he has two samurai swords that he cuts your hair with
And he swipes them in opposite directions
At the back of your head
And he says it's useful because you can do both sides at once
Wow
That sounds incredibly dangerous
Yeah, that doesn't it
Because what if you mistorch someone's head
Under the hair and they have a really protruberant back of the head
It's when you ask for a bit off the top and he literally takes you in the top
I think there might be a slightly more dangerous hairdresser out there
He's a Chinese hairdresser called Tianhao
And how he does it is he likes to to feel the energy of the hair
And not have any influence of say sight
So he closes his eyes
And he starts chopping hair with his eyes closed
So he'll just feel it
And he's very popular in China
Yeah, yeah, he does really well
Yeah, good Jedi hairdresser
Yes, exactly
So there was a rumor going around Cambodia
A few dozen years ago
And that was that the president who's called Nora Damishihunuk
He'd had a dream in which all the long-haired virgins in the country
Will be taken to hell by an evil god
Okay, he was kind of quite revered or at least feared at the time
And everyone kind of half believed this thing that all the long-haired virgins would be taken to hell
And so all the virgins with long hair caught all their hair
And all the people who wanted people to think they were virgins and had long-haired
They had their hair caught as well
Okay, so there's a massive kind of epidemic of women having their hair caught in Cambodia
And according to the police at the time
They said that it was a rumor started by corrupt hairdressers
Wow
Very clever
So hairdressers are very widely trusted
Supposedly, this has been in the news in the last two days, there's been a big survey
By Ipsosmore, so it's a legit one
And it's their veracity index, which they do over a year
And apparently the most trusted profession is hairdressers
69% of people would trust their hairdresser to tell the truth
Really?
68% for the police
And newsreaders are only on 65 and then journalists and politicians are way down
They're on the 20s of percent
That's so weird
I don't think I trust my hairdresser to tell the truth
Really?
Well they've been saying I look great
Their job is to get to the end of a cut and go
Yeah, that's fantastic
You know it can't, they can't have got to write every time
Yeah, you never hear them going
Oh, I've really cocked this up
There's actually a hairdressing Cardiff now, a Bauhaus hairdresser
I think it is, which offers a special quiet chair that you can nominate to be
And if you don't fancy the terrible hairdresser's small talk
If you don't have a holiday book about year or
Yeah, yeah, didn't go on one last year
Yeah, and the person the manager is so he's very relaxed about it
He says they can change their mind to any time
Halfway through the cut if they feel suddenly feel like a chinwag
But if you're in that chair, they will not say a word to you
The the owner of that one is I think he's called Scott Miller
And he said I always say if you're asking your client where they're going on a holiday, you've lost
So I think they're quite nice standards for hairdressing compensation these days
Yeah, yeah, good. Yeah, where am I going to get to brag about my holidays
The last time I had my hair cut, it was by, I was in a city that I don't live in
And the woman who caught my hair was a regional finalist in that national hairdressing championships
Really?
Yeah, yeah, really?
I mean, she was a finalist, she wasn't a winner
But she told me all sorts of stuff about the history of hairdressing
And she told me that there's a UK president of hairdressing
Oh, is that?
Yeah
And there's a fellowship of British hairdressing, which I didn't know either
Yeah, there's also a male hairdresser of the year
There's also female hairdresser of the year
It's the big hairdresser awards that happened at the end of the year each year
And in 2005, I was looking through the list of all the people at one
2005, the winner was a guy called Brent Barber
Wow
That's a cool name
That's a really cool name
And this is, this is interesting
I was reading about different kinds of hair that get done that aren't on human heads
And Madame Two Swords have hairdressers that actually do the hair of the wax works
And in fact, the twiggy wax work that was done, the hairdresser who does twiggy's hair
came in to do twiggy's wax work hair as well
To give it the cut, to make it look like it would on twiggy
Which is quite cool
Did you know it was wax work?
Or did you go away like twiggy's in a bad mood today?
I said, what are you going on your holidays?
But just as a sideline fact, I discovered that
when Madame Two Swords wax works are made now
And I think this has always been the case, they make them two inches bigger
The whole body two inches bigger because the wax shrinks over time
And that brings them to the actual size of the person
And you were telling me today that after the age of 30 you shrink
by one-sixteenth of an inch every year
Every year, yep
So they'd have to shave bits off the wax works as well every year
Another one-sixteenth off
Yes, although I learned that on Oprah about 15 years ago
And it's just one of those facts that stays with you
And I haven't checked it
So they're in all now
So
It's true though, it's the discs in between your back vertebrae
It could be true
In ancient Rome, they had a job called an onatrix
And this was a lady who would look after the hair of another lady
And it would be coloring a lot of the thing that they did was coloring
So if you wanted black hair
Then you had to put a mixture of bile rotten leeches
And squid ink
And your hair would make it go black
Cool
And if you wanted blonde, it was a mixture of pigeon poo and ashes
I think I'll stay with a natural dude, actually
Barbers used to offer castrations as well
Is that true?
Well there's medieval China
Oh
So
Yes
Friggin family of true
No, it was, they did Unix
Yeah
Sure, the Unix are the ones that don't need it
Sorry
They need components
We say that if we said before that Chinese Unix would carry around the testicles
To be realising with them in the afterlife
Yes, I think so
And there was one of the most famous Unix
Who was one of the last Unix
To punish him for something they stole his bits
And it was like, he just thought it was the end of the world for him
Because he would never be able to be brought back
What?
As a whole
That is mean
Real mean
Do you know the first ever proper QI fact that I ever found when I was working on the TV show
It's actually to do with Chinese hairdressers
And it was Malsi Tong's hairdresser
Yeah, I was reading a biography and it turned out that his hairdresser was called Big Beard Wang
Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show
And that is my fact
My fact this week is that Elvis Presley once started a riot
At the end of his show by saying to the crowd
Girls, I'll see you all backstage
Wow, yeah, I know you all went
They all went
In that moment, so this was back in 1955
This was kind of just as he was reaching
His first sort of wave of popularity
And he, he didn't realize that that would be the reaction once he said it
So he just said this line girls, I'll see you all backstage
And they literally just fled on to stage
Just like they just went right on
And he got scared and he had to run off to his little green room
They were ripping off his clothes
He was missing a shoe, he was missing the side of his shirt
And they locked him inside the back room and no one could get to him
And eventually when it calmed down and he went to his car
His car in the side metal of the car
There were names and numbers scratched into the side
And they couldn't see through the windscreen
Because so much lipstick was on it
With names and numbers for him to call
And also 500 truckos
Wow, that was the moment that his manager
"Okay, we've got a massive star on our hands here"
And yeah, that's when he got really promoted
Wow, I remember when we were filming QI once
And Justin Bieber was in the studios
He was doing something next star
And it was crazy
Though it was just unbelievable
They had so much security there
Every time you walked past a window
All they had to do was see a little bit of hair
And they would scream
It was great fun because you just kind of peek your head around
And then they got...
And you were a powerful physical resemblance to the bearded
This was with Justin Bieber
They did experience serious problems with that
When the concerts would happen
Because if he arrived late
Or if they told that they were told it was too chaotic
Because actually so many fans were coming to the show
They would say, "Okay, we're cutting this short
Or Justin's not going to be able to appear
And they would start rioting
And unlike a normal show where people would riot
Who are of adult age
The police just had no idea
What do you do when you're being attacked by children?
You can't do anything, you just have to accept it
That's what you need the robots, probably
Yeah, take photos of them
I don't know
I'll just shut them up
Did you guys hear about David Spargo?
I bet you must have done that
Okay, he's a super fan of the Australian band "Peaking Duck"
Who I assume are some kind of
Popular beatcom though, aren't they?
But they were playing in Melbourne
And he decided that he wanted to get backstage and meet his heroes
And so he went backstage and the security said to him
"No, you can't come in"
And he's like, "No, I've got to come in, I'm the lead singer's stepbrother
And they're like, "Well, do you have any proof?"
He said, "Yeah, yeah, look on Wikipedia"
And he brought it up
And he just changed Wikipedia
Two minutes earlier to say that he was that guy
Is that stepbrother?
And he got in
And he got some meters
Heroes
Wow, that is nice
Okay, yeah, have you heard of...
There's a Beatles fan called Jan Myers
And she was a super fan in the days when they were first becoming popular
And she crawled through the sewers under Abbey Road
To hear them recording "Rubba Soul"
Through the wall
Oh, wow
Yeah, I think she's writing a book now about being a super fan
But at the time she was a fan
They weren't super famous here
And the first time she got an autograph from Paul McCartney
He wrote Paul McCartney brackets the Beatles
Yeah, so he really won't well known
They actually met Elvis once, didn't they?
And it sounds like the most awkward occasion ever
So yeah, yeah, and apparently they just had nothing to talk about
Their press officer wrote about it years later
I said it was incredibly awkward
They had this weird small talk
There were long, long silences
And eventually someone obviously freaking out
Maybe the press officer freaked out
I thought I've got to do something
So he brought in a load of guitars
And the Beatles just started playing some music
And everything calmed down a bit
And then later on Elvis bitched about the Beatles, I think
To Nixon
Yeah, oh, that's what
Yeah, he didn't bitch to Nixon
That'll see you
That's a big bitch
He said he thought the Beatles were un-American
Because of their stance on Vietnam
Yeah, it's true, no, it's bitching
Yeah, I guess so
He didn't mean un-American and that's a good thing
He's talking to the president of the US
I found this fact, by the way, about the backstage thing with Elvis
And weirdly not in an Elvis Presley book
But I've been reading a biography on David Bowie
Called "Ziggyology" and a big influence on David Bowie was Elvis
And there was incredible facts in this book
I just kept coming across amazing little nuggets about Elvis
This is my favorite one and this is the exact wording
Elvis' conception was so seismic
His father blacked out after the moment of climax
Do you mean "Fell asleep" because it's
No, apparently you just blacked out
And "Fell" had to be sort of brought to...brought to
I think it was Elvis's mother that said that
And she should know
Yeah, that's true
So he was mental, I didn't quite realise how mental Elvis was
Although I guess maybe everyone else did
But for instance, the time he met Nixon was because
He was determined that he collected police badges
And he wanted a badge from the Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs
And I think he thought that meant that he could cross any borders
With any substances at all and he's wearing the badge and that was fine
So he got one of those off Nixon
That's the only reason for meeting the president
He used to visit one of his favourite past times apparently
He was visiting the Memphis Mork to look at corpses
Was that a drive-through one or was that...
He wants...oh I like this image
He was once with Tom Jones backstage
And he serenaded Tom Jones while Tom Jones was naked in the shower
So Tom Jones said I think he was checking me out
So that could have been a romance that never happened
Wow, wow
We need to wrap up fairly soon, I've got just a couple more things
A slightly side-tracking but as I say I got this fact from a Ziggy Stardust book
And I found out this really great fact that I think people should know about
David Bowie, that's not his real name
His real name is David Jones
And the reason he had to change his name from David Jones to David Bowie
Is because of the Monkeys
Yes, David Jones from the Monkeys
David Jones from the Monkeys
So he was trying to make it bigger as a musician
Didn't work, so he went to David Bowie
But David Bowie wasn't the first name that he went to before he went to David Bowie
The first name he picked after David Jones was Tom Jones
And then a couple of weeks later this new singer came along
And he went, oh Jesus Christ, and then had to change it to David Bowie
He went on someone else called Tom Jones would come along
Yeah, and they'd do a murder name
No, BING, NO!
And the riot begins
Okay, that's it, that's all of our facts
Thank you so much for listening
If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over the course of this podcast
We can be found on our Twitter accounts
I'm on @Sriberland, James, @Xshaped, Andy, @Andruhunterent, and Chazinski
You can email podcasts@QI.com
Yep
Or you can go to know such thing as a fish.com where we have all of our previous episodes
Thank you so much for listening, thank you guys so much for being here
We really appreciate it
I hope you enjoyed it, and we'll see you again sometime
Okay, goodbye!
[Applause]
[Music]
[BLANK_AUDIO]